Node DAP started on 30th August 2023.

I am Abhijith. I'm Hyderabad. I am a MEAN Stack developer. I've been developing for about one and half years now. I started my journey into the tech world by working as
the frontend developer. I started . I was responsible for building .

what is agile: Agile project management is an iterative approach to managing software development projects that focuses on continuous releases and customer feedback.

difference between localstorage and sessionstorage

hoisting: Hoisting does in javascript is essentially takes some of your code and it moves it to the very top of your file automatically.

call bind apply

lazy loading: Lazy loading helps keep initial bundle sizes smaller, which in turn helps decrease load times.

SPA(single page application): A single page application is a web application or website that interacts with the user by dynamically rewriting the current web page with
new data from the web server, instead of the default method of a web browser loading entire new pages.

what is angular? Angular is a typescript based framework made by google in 2016. This framework is used for creating professional and modern user interfaces. As I said
Angular is typescript based framework, typescript is a superset of javascript which allows us to improve the productivity. Angular uses component-based architecture
which at its core is just sectioning off parts of a large project into logical smaller functional pieces that can be used and reused in other parts of the application.

Typescript: Typescript is a superset of javascript which allows us to improve the productivity. The advantage of using typescript in angular is that it has the ability
to maintain the efficiency in our programs.

What is a framework? A framework is a platform that provides a foundation for developing software application which gives us building blocks like forms, routers, etc.

object cloning

remove array and object duplicate elements

what is non-blocking I/O?
Blocking refers to operations that block further execution until that operation finishes. Non-blocking refers to code that doesn't block execution.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10570246/what-is-non-blocking-or-asynchronous-i-o-in-node-js

async await, promises, callbacks

event loop
The event loop is a constantly running process that monitors both the callback queue and the call stack.

what is express?
Express is a Node.js web framework designed for building APIs, web applications and cross-platform mobile apps. It performs fast, unopinionated and lightweight. It is
used as a server-side scripting language. It is a request handler, which have the access to the application's request-response cycle. It is responsible to how an
application's endpoint respond to client requests.
Node.js is a javascript run-time environment that is fast, but it does not support request handling, HTTP methods or serving files, so this is where express js comes
into the picture.

directives: Angular directives are functions that are executed when they found on the DOM by the Angular compiler.

pipes: Pipes are basically useful to transform the data from one format to another format.

observable: we use observables to perfom asynchronous operations and handle asynchronous data. Observable sends the data in chucks instead of sending all the data at
once like promise.

Input

Output

babel: Babel is a toolchain that is mainly used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or
environments.

webpack: Webpack is a static module bundler for JavaScript applications — it takes all the code from your application and makes it usable in a web browser.
Modules are reusable chunks of code built from your app's JavaScript, node_modules, images, and the CSS styles which are packaged to be easily used in your website.

hobbies

strengths
I am very collaborative. I’ve always enjoyed working on teams and it is one of my strongest attributes.
My positive attitude is also definitely one of my strengths.

weaknesses
I am naturally a shy person. Since I was a kid, I have always felt nervous presenting in front of the class, and that translated into the workplace.